
For anyone who wants to
translate the game. Skyland
natively supports unicode,
and ships with all of the
glyphs required for english,
spanish, french, italian,
russian, ukrainian,
japanese, and a subset of
2500 of the most common
chinese words.

To localize the game, choose
one of the two following
methods:

1) Single language rom (easier)
Translate all of the strings
in the game's scripts
(the files in the strings/
directory and the scripts/
directory). Then follow the
instructions in readme.txt
for zipping everything up and
building a game rom. You
should be able to do all of
this without any help.

 Steps:
 a) Use unpack_rom.py
    to unpack files from
    Skyland.gba

 b) Translate the text
    as described above.

 c) run repack.sh
    to zip everything back
    up.

 d) test the translated
    rom to make sure that
    it works.

 The above steps should just
 require an installation of
 python3


2) Multilanguage rom (harder)
I need to make some
organizational changes to
support multilingual roms
properly. Follow step 1 and
get a translated rom working,
then contact me for help at
evan.a.bowman@gmail.com
